# 4. ENTRY FEE, SUBSCRIPTION, DEPOSIT

(A) Applications by Clubs for admission to the Competition or the entry of an additional Team(s) from the same Club must be made in writing to the Secretary by 1st July and must be accompanied by an entry fee per Team as set out in the Fees Tariff, which shall be returned in the event of non-election.

At the discretion of the voting members present applications, of which due notice has been given, may be received at the AGM or a SGM or on a date agreed by the Management Committee.

(B)	The annual subscription shall be payable in accordance with the Fees Tariff per Club/Team (where a Club has more than one Team in membership of the Competition) and shall be payable on or before 1st September in each year.

(C)	A deposit of £200 per Club shall be payable in accordance with the Fees Tariff per Club/Team (where a Club provides more than one Team in membership of the Competition) otherwise the deposit will be £100 and shall be payable on or before 1st September in each year. Failure to comply with this Rule will result in a fine in accordance with the Fines Tariff. Fines will be subtracted from the deposits for any fines incurred.

(D)	A Club shall not participate in this Competition until the entry fee, annual subscription and Deposit (if required) have been paid.

(E) Clubs must ensure that all its teams participating in the Competition are recorded as affiliated on the Club Portal for the forthcoming Playing Season by the following date 1st August. Clubs must advise the Competition Secretary in a manner prescribed by the Sanctioning Authority, or on the prescribed form, of details of its headquarters, its Officers and any other information required by the Competition. Failure to comply with this Rule will result in a fine in accordance with the Fines Tariff.

(F) An all-female team can apply to the Competition to play an age group down in a mixed gender competition, subject to rule 8A(iii)&(iv) and provided the team has obtained approval from its Sanctioning Authority. 

