# 23. MATCH OFFICIALS
(A) Registered referees (and assistant referees where approved by The FA or County FA) for all Competition Matches shall be appointed in a manner approved by the Management Committee and by the Sanctioning Authority.

(B)	In cases where there are no officially appointed Match Officials in attendance, the Clubs shall agree upon a referee. An individual thus agreed upon shall, for that Competition Match, have the full powers, status and authority of a registered referee. Individuals under the age of 16 must not participate either as a referee or assistant referee in any open age competition and individuals under the age of 14 must not participate either as a referee or assistant referee in any Competition Match. Referees between the ages of 14 and 16 are only eligible to officiate in competitions where the Players’ age band is at least one year younger than the age of the referee, for example a 15 year old referee may only officiate in competitions where the age banding is 14 or younger.

(C)	Where assistant referees are not appointed each Team shall provide a Club assistant referee. Failure to comply with this Rule will result in a fine (in accordance with the Fines Tariff) being imposed on the defaulting Club.

(D)	The appointed referee shall have power to decide as to the fitness of the Ground in all Competition Matches and that decision shall be final, subject to the determination of the Local Authority or the owners of a Ground, which must be accepted.

(E)	Subject to any limits/provisions laid down by the Sanctioning Authority, Match Officials appointed under this Rule shall be paid a match fee in accordance with the Fees Tariff and travel expenses of £0.30 per mile / or inclusive of travel expenses.
Match Officials will be paid their fees and/or expenses by the home Club before/immediately after the Competition Match, unless otherwise ordered by the Management Committee. Failure to comply with this Rule will result in a fine in accordance with the Fines Tariff.

(F)	In the event of a Competition Match not being played because of circumstances over which the Clubs have no control, the Match Officials, if present, shall be entitled to full fee plus expenses/half fee plus expenses/expenses only. Where a Competition Match is not played owing to one Club being in default, that Club shall be ordered to pay the Match Officials, if they attend the Ground, their full fee and expenses. Failure to comply with this Rule will result in a fine in accordance with the Fines Tariff.

(G)	A referee not keeping his or her engagement, and failing to give a satisfactory explanation as to their non-appearance, may be reported to the Affiliated Association with which he or she is registered.

(H)	Each Club shall, in a manner prescribed from time to time by The FA, award marks to the referee for each Competition Match and the name of the referee and the marks awarded shall be submitted to the Competition on the prescribed form provided. Clubs failing to comply with this Rule shall be liable to be fined (in accordance with the Fines Tariff) or dealt with as the Management Committee shall determine.

(I)	The Competition shall keep a record of the markings and, on the form provided by the prescribed date each Season, shall submit a summary to The FA/County FA.

(J)	The referee shall submit a report form, supplied by the Competition, giving the result of the Competition Match, the number of Players in each Team and the time of kick-off to the (Registration) Secretary within two days of the Competition Match.

(K)	Match Officials shall be supplied, each season, with a copy of the Competition Rules free of charge.

(L)	Match Officials shall have undertaken a RESPECT briefing offered by The FA/County FA or the Competition.

### SCHEDULE A

