# 32.  TROPHY PRESENTATION EVENT

At the close of each Playing Season, the Management Committee will arrange a Trophy Presentation event for all award-winning Teams in each competitive age group, and also for all registered Players/Teams in the non-competitive age groups.  Attendance at this event is compulsory, and any Team invited and not represented will be liable to a fine (in accordance with the Fines Tariff).

The Competition shall supply ten (10) mementos at the Trophy Presentation event for each eligible Mini Soccer Team, fourteen (14) mementos for each eligible Team participating in 9-a-side Youth Football, and sixteen (16) mementos for each eligible Team participating in 11-a-side Youth Football.  Additional mementos may be purchased by eligible Teams, if required.

###MATCH OFFICIALS

Note: The below fees apply to League-appointed Match Officials only.

| Format             | Official            | Fee           |
| :----------------- | :-----------------: | ------------: |
| Under 15 & above   | Match Referee       | £30.00        | 
| 	                  | Assistant Referee   | £15.00        | 
| Under 13 & 14’s    | Match Referee       | 28.00         | 
| 	                  | Assistant Referee   | £15.00        | 
| Under 12’s & below | Match Referee       | £25.00        | 
| 	                  | Assistant Referee   | £10.00        | 

In addition to the above match fees, Match Officials shall be entitled to charge travel expenses or private car expenses of 30p per mile, plus any other permitted expenses actually incurred.

The home Team shall pay the Match Officials their fees and expenses immediately after the match.

For ‘Double Header’ fixtures (see Rule 30 above), Match Officials appointed by the Competition shall be paid a match fee of £14.00 by each Team (i.e.- £28.00 in total) for under 12’s and below  ‘double header’ fixtures, and £16.00 by each Team (i.e.- £32.00 in total) for under 13/14’s ‘double header’ fixtures and £18.00 by each team for under 15’s and above (i.e.- £36.00 in total)

Please note that, in addition to the imposition of fines, other penalties may also be applicable for breaching certain Rules (e.g.- the possible deduction/award of points for failing to fulfil a fixture).   Also, certain fines (e.g.- incorrectly completed/failing to submit an online Match Return, failing to report a match result) attract an ‘accumulator’ for subsequent transgressions, which can get very expensive for repeat offenders.

...So, in summary, abide by the Rules of the League, and then you won’t get fined!  :)


